Compare and contrast the types of frontend development you used in your full stack project, including Express HTML, JavaScript, and the single-page application (SPA).
The obvious difference between the SPA angular application and the Express HTML application to the end user is that the angular project is an admin-facing single page application. It is a lightweight application that allows the site administrator to manage information with ease. Angular uses TypeScript, which is a more strongly typed superset of JavaScript. This allows for a much easier management of code and refactoring when using the JS as your backend language. Angular is quite complex, though, so it has a significant time cost for set up. Express on the other hand is very simple and even a junior developer could launch an application on the MEAN stack within minutes. Express is not as strongly typed, which could make developing a simple application such as a customer application easier but would not be ideal for applications that need the ability to be quickly scalable.
Why did the backend use a NoSQL MongoDB database?
The backend of this project used a NoSQL MongoDB database because mongo is quick to initialize, and loosely structured. Mongo works well with JavaScript in particular due to its loosely structured nature. For this class, it was important to learn how to set up an entire environment with DB connections quickly, within the 8 weeks of our semester. For this purpose, mongo made the most sense.

How is JSON different from JavaScript and how does JSON tie together the frontend and backend development pieces?
JavaScript is a “front-end” language which allows you to build scalable and robust webpages. JavaScript is the logic behind most decisioning on a website. JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) is how we package objects in a string format for easy storing in databases and is how mongo stores data.

Provide instances in the full stack process when you refactored code to improve functionality and efficiencies and name the benefits that come from reusable user interface (UI) components.
The biggest advantage of reusable UI elements is that it cuts down on the amount of code required to review when trying to refactor. Also, it allows for less room for error and less code to debug in the event of a failure due to the specific component. If a new person is working on a project, having less code for them to review can help everyone out, too. 

Methods for request and retrieval necessitate various types of API testing of endpoints, in addition to the difficulties of testing with added layers of security. Explain your understanding of methods, endpoints, and security in a full stack application.
The most common request methods are POST and GET. GET retrieves data from a source through a url parameter, and POST will post the data to the specific source. Generally speaking, POST is the method which sends the data to the database for storage. 
How has this course helped you in reaching your professional goals? What skills have you learned, developed, or mastered in this course to help you become a more marketable candidate in your career field?
This course has helped me have a more scholarly understanding of what full stack development is meant to be, and has taught me a few tricks to use in my career, such as how to better use angular. 
